I filmed in a lot of studios. This is
amazing.
>> Jimmy, now the floor is moving.
>> Oh, wait. OH MY GOD.
>> [screaming]
>> THIS IS the first time I'm going to see
people watch the show. Some of the most
influential critics and press are
sitting in a theater right now.
>> How's it going, everybody?
>> Reviews for the first season of Beast
Games were pretty harsh.
>> [music]
>> Imagine 15 very high-end Lamborghinis
roaring through the city.
>> Listen to that bad boy.
It [music] was insane. I've never seen
studio space that big. You could fit the
pyramids in this building. This is my
dream. [music] Seeing this much studio
space, you know, I want to build one of
the largest companies on Earth. The bar
for normal shows here, our bar is in the
cloud. We want to build more content
across the internet and traditional TV,
even theatrical release.
They call this place [music] the edge of
the world. My heartbeat is abnormally
high. I don't know if Jimmy nervous, but
I definitely am.
>> I've read [music] every single review.
>> I'm down to admit when I'm wrong. Do you
think this will perform better or worse
than season 1? I have never talked about
this before. Not on a podcast, not on my
channel, not anywhere
>> [music]
>> besides this series right here.
You guys ready to watch season 2?
Okay, here they come.
They're going. They're going. All right,
we're here in Saudi Arabia [music] for
Beast Games episode 9. You can see the
10 Lambos behind me. The 10 contestants
are about to come out from the airport
and you got to arrive in style. Getting
the contestants in these Lambos cuz
obviously they have to leave the
terminal somehow. Contestants, welcome
to Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
Why did we film the last few episodes in
Saudi? They just gave us access to stuff
we couldn't get anywhere else. I mean,
we also just did a main channel video
there where they let us drive a private
jet down like the busiest highway in
Riyadh. Hello, how you guys doing?
And it was like, okay, we were going to
drive all the contestants through the
city. We're going to do it at 1:00 in
the morning. It's very low-key. Oh my
god. That all sounded good.
>> Nick, you want to ride with me? Let's
go. Let's get it. Can we go with you? Oh
my god, here we go.
All right, this is my first time in a
Lambo. Oh my god.
Let's do it. Open it up. Imagine what 10
[music] or 15 very high-end Lamborghinis
roaring through the city sounds like.
Listen to that bad boy. Yeah.
Oh, it's loud.
Let's go. What are we doing?
Some of us on [music] the set are like,
oh, this is yeah, low-key. No one even
knows we're here.
We just got to the Times Square here in
Riyadh. Usually this place is filled
with people, cars, [music] traffic.
They've shut it all down for Jimmy and
Beast Games. Everyone, turn around.
Contestants, welcome to Riyadh.
This is your new home. The $5 million
winner is going to be determined here.
We had just filmed like 12 hours
straight, and we ended up instead of
going to sleep, we got invited to go
like scout all of their studio spaces,
which is really cool. It was insane.
I've never seen studio space that big.
How many square feet is 66,000.
>> Ready? This is bigger than both our
studios, come on. Space is such a huge
bottleneck for me. And you might think,
well, there's studio space everywhere,
but does that studio space have pillars,
right? The second they have pillars, I
can't build this giant 40,000 square
feet set. And then, is the ceiling tall?
Well, if the ceiling's not tall enough,
I can't get a wide shot. So, to find a
big enough studio space that doesn't
have pillars, that has a tall ceiling,
and then multiple of them near each
other, because you don't want to film in
one studio and then have to fly a
thousand people to a different studio.
That's tens of millions of dollars.
>> I'm telling you, like you could fit the
pyramids in this building. I filmed in a
lot of studios. This is amazing. As I'm
walking through there, I'm like, I could
film anything here, and I don't have to
make trade-offs. We want to build more
content
>> across the internet and traditional TV
and even theatrical release. You know, I
want to build one of the largest
companies on Earth and put out a lot of
great content where I'm not a
bottleneck.
>> There's like this thing in Riyadh with
like this giant curved screen. Like all
over Hollywood, they're shooting on more
sets like this, and basically you can
make it look like you're anywhere in the
world.
>> want to be on Mars, you can be on Mars.
[music] It's what they filmed The
Mandalorian on, which is kind of cool.
It's called The Volume. It's sick. We
had something unfortunate come up, so
we're actually [music] back in New York.
We had to leave Saudi. But, um oh,
they're they're switching it. Oh, wow.
>> Wait, where are we now? It's Grand
Central Station in New York.
Can we see the jungle scene? Oh, wait.
Oh my god. They can make it rain
indoors, which is funny cuz I'd seen
enough rain at this point. I didn't want
to see any more rain, but that type of
tech is really cool, and we can make
some of the craziest stuff in the next
few seasons as well. That's crazy. Wait,
Jimmy, now the floor is moving.
>> Yeah. Yeah, we're going to rotate so you
could get different angles.
Yeah. And it's not just the technology
and the incredible space, it's the fact
that they move at B speed. Oh, my god.
Wait, which one do we get in?
So, we're going to that back lot right
now, and we're in the middle of the
desert, mountains all around us. You got
the biggest like film studio or sound
[music] stages.
Oh, wow, there's a pool. You You film
like ocean scenes in there?
>> We have a wave system and a rain system.
We Wow. So, if you want to film like a
Titanic scene Titanic, Pirates of the
Caribbean Wow.
Oh, MY GOD.
AH!
>> [music]
>> IT SAYS MY HEARTBEAT [music] IS IS
abnormally high. I wonder why. All
right, the The guys from the studio just
drove us to one of the highest points in
Saudi by their sound stages, and you
could see where they filmed a huge show
called Takeshi's Castle. It was a
big-time game show in Japan, and they
brought it here to Saudi to do an Arabic
[music] version. Uh you can see the
dinosaur. Uh that was part of their
obstacle course as part of the game
show. A school bus, the starting line
was over there. So, not Not do [music]
they have a ton of sound stages that
they're building, but they're also like
turning huge international shows into
something that the Arabic audiences
could enjoy. And here they are, like
hundreds of workers [music]
spending months to get this ready while
we've been working on episodes 1 through
8. Most shows do one season on one set
in one location, and here we are in
[music] our fourth or fifth location
across the globe. This set is really
good, man.
>> good. The little details they have on
this set that [music] we're discovering
now that we didn't even know. Like what?
Like for example, see all these black
line walls? That's see-through, so we
could put a camera on the other end of
that. [music] So if you come in here,
you can see camera over there, camera
over here, iPad, telephone. For this
game, all 10 contestants will each split
into a separate pod, then we'll play six
rounds, and whoever gets the most votes
will move on to the final six. This
entire show, Jimmy's giving you all
these bribes. Now, it's the part where
he takes his hands off the reins when he
goes, "It's on you guys now." We're
really trying to do storytelling more
this year and really get you connected
to these people and basically have them
talk to each other. I'm just
facilitating the conversation, which is
good. Is they have all the money they
want in the Beer at a Live game. So
Brett [music] has 250, Nick has 250,
Monica has zero, but she sold you her
$10 million coin for $500,000, but
nobody [music] knows because she's been
keeping that a secret. It's Monica's
villain arc season. And so I made the
decision to take zero dollars.
I think people will put her on the spot
and be like, "Monica, show us that
coin."
>> I hope they do. That'd be great.
Transition.
You have enough coverage to where we
would get it. There's a camera behind.
There's also a GoPro above the phone.
There's also another GoPro that's going
to shoot this way. All tech is good.
>> let's clear everybody. Everybody clear?
All right, here we go. It's the moment
we've been waiting for, and it's about
to get dicey. All right, here we go,
guys. Stand by for Jimmy's cue.
Contestants, welcome to the bribe game.
We will do six rounds of voting, and six
people will move on. Start the timer.
Let the phone calls begin. Monica, I
know you sold the coin. I literally do
have the coin, and I have not taken a
bribe for it yet. And I I can prove that
to everybody when we make it to top six.
She's lying through her teeth. August
very confidently said that Monica sold
the coin, but I think it was to show how
confident he was so she would cave.
August didn't officially know. None of
them know, but they're speculating
[music] about it cuz I think they asked
Monica to see it. According to Monica,
she only told Jim, but also Jim has a
big mouth, so I wouldn't [music] be
surprised if he told them. We brainstorm
all kinds of different outcomes.
But I never one time guessed she would
sell the coin, and then keep it a
straight-up secret. When when that
happened, we were we were all blown
away. I mean, people you you know the
show is headed in a good direction when
people in the control room start
grabbing each other, start shaking each
other, going, "Let's go." What's really
cool about this episode is that there's
a ton of one-way mirrors and cameras.
Like, you can see Jack [music] over
there right now. You can see
Like, I don't know what Jack is doing
right now.
He's clearly in his own world, and
that's the whole idea of this episode,
like trying to get the confessional,
unfiltered [music] thoughts as they talk
to each other on the phones. What about
Jim, though? Jim's cooking with the
Joker right now. And Monica thinks she's
getting votes, but she doesn't know if
Jim's shenanigans will turn people off
of voting for
I'll also send the rest of my money to
Monica. Whoa, wait.
If Hannah sends every dollar she has,
Jim said he will vote for Hannah no
matter what. Hannah's talking to Monica
and said that she's going to give the
rest of her money to Jim. She just sent
all her money to Jim. All the money. All
the money in the She sent all the money.
I'm just going to draft exactly what
happened with each of them for this
game, and we'll track who they want to
bribe. So, Hannah just gave $28,000 to
Jim. So, you can see a lot of the
cameras Come here. Come here. We got to
move fast. Are [music] moving over to
Jim's pod over here. They're all trying
to get the shot.
>> You now have $97,478.
>> YES! WELL, HANNAH'S [music] is zero.
When you first went into this game, you
had literally no strategy. Yeah, none. I
don't know how I would do. We're doing a
different cut in [music] India where
people who watch Beast Games season 2 in
India when they get to this episode,
Carry's going to be involved a lot. If
you pull up his creator analytics on his
phone, it was 100% India and Pakistan.
I've never seen anything like that in my
life. What are you doing as part of this
episode? [music] So, I'm basically
acting as one of the boys with Carl,
Chandler, and Tarek. Hi Carry, pop in.
So, the Indian version, there'll be be a
lot more of me. So, I'm
basically kind of replacing Carl in
India. Oh, so this is like episode 1
where Feday and Amixem were brought in
for the Spanish and French versions of
the show.
If you watch Beast Games in France, you
will see a different cut than if you
watch Beast Games in Mexico.
And then people in India will see
CarryMinati. CarryMinati's going to give
someone who watches season 2 of [music]
Beast Games a Lamborghini. Thank you,
Carry. When I first met Jimmy, I never
thought I'm going to be part of
something like this.
>> We have a large audience [music] outside
of America and so it's also cool for
them to see that we're in the Middle
East shooting content. It tells our
global audience we care. Egypt which was
[music] a huge success, just did Mexico.
Yes, we're shooting here now but I'd
also love to shoot in other countries if
we can make it work.
>> It's really smart. Most shows just
localize [music] or translate but Beast
Games brings in new co-hosts who are big
[music] in different countries. The
person
that received the most votes is
Hannah. Yes!
That's how you move on in this game.
It's not integrity. It's not making
alliances.
It's playing the game. These people are
friends and they're not picking their
friends. It's really good. It's really,
really good.
>> [music]
>> Really happy.
That was awesome. Can I show you
something?
We found your first [music] ever
interview.
>> [laughter]
>> Uh what's your name? Monica. What's your
name?
>> Monica. I'm John. John, it's nice to
meet you.
>> likewise. How do you feel about the
games? [music] I feel like I'm going to
be a killer, to be honest.
>> [laughter]
>> Oh my god. Why? Um I'm better than half
people here.
>> [laughter]
>> All right. Why?
She was wrong. More than that. Why do
you feel that way? I did [music]
gymnastics for 11 years. I actually did
Junior Olympic diving at Duke
University. I was on a world
cheerleading team.
>> Wait, why didn't we get those lines? Why
does BTS get that not us?
>> do le che jumps, press handstands, She's
so humble. flames, the whole nine yards.
>> Yeah, and then she like looks into the
camera. I'm going to get you.
>> [laughter]
>> You four are walking away with a million
$140,000. So, Nick, you keep telling us
that if you had money, you could pursue
wrestling more. Yeah. WWE, if you see
this,
pick up Nick. What are we doing? My big
takeaway in regards [music] to episode 9
is that there's two different types of
people that move on. At the end of the
day, Brett was the villain. Brett should
not have moved on.
But he had so much money that he just
bought his way in. I'm prepared to
[music] offer each of you $25,000. And
that's why I think this show is very
interesting, especially that good and
evil can both [music] enter the finale.
The person that will be claiming that
final spot,
Brett.
It only cost 97 grand in bribes. No
problem.
This is the actual $5 million check.
>> And I'm signing right here. By the end
of today, someone's going to win this 5
million. This is what they win. Not that
cash. They would get robbed if I gave
them cash. When we film, it will be a
cleared lockdown, no feeds [music] on
the outside. There will be nobody
hanging out here with the show this
massive. We really need to keep the
integrity of who and what ends up
happening in this episode. So, let's
finish this out strong cuz we got a hell
of a season. Okay, everybody, we're
closing the doors between sets. We're
closing the doors between sets.
All right, things are getting set. We're
about to get started with episode 10,
the big finale. It's go time.
So far this season, after each game, we
started a timer. But for this game,
we're going to jump right INTO IT. OPEN
THE DOOR.
WELCOME TO THE GRAND FINALE, where one
of you is going to be winning that $5
[music] million
right here, right now.
You'll be taking turns kicking balls at
each other's hearts. If your heart
[music] is smashed, you will be
eliminated.
>> The common theme with those last games
is that it's completely out of Jimmy's
hands. It's out of our hands. All right,
we're right below this set of the first
game of the finale. The hearts are over
there, the contestants are over there,
and things are feeling a bit tense
because a lot of these people will leave
with nothing, and one will with $5
million.
All right, here we go. We'll We'll put
you in a situation that's entertaining,
but at the end of the day, you guys
decide. If you guys all want to team up
on one person, great. If you guys want
to go 3 v 3, that's great. Whatever you
want to do. Tyler, when you are ready,
kick that ball at whatever heart you
want.
There it is.
Oh, I thought that hit it.
Like everything just went silent, and
Jack is the first one to be eliminated.
The emotions are at an all-time high.
That is literally the worst feeling in
the world. Like
Jack, it's nothing personal, buddy. I
honestly mean that.
>> You You can say that all you want, but
when the kick goes right into your heart
Don't be crying when you say "Drop him."
Hit me.
What's that?
FIVE CONTESTANTS REMAIN, ONE OF WHICH
WILL WIN THAT $5 million over there.
You all now Yeah, man.
>> [music]
>> I kind of went through the
like stages of grief very quickly. When
I look back on the show but I'm going to
look back on
making it far enough to give the
opportunity to my my mom and my brother
to come out here, share that moment with
me. Having made it so far, I I [music]
hope they're proud of me.
I want to share a quick story after
filming with Jimmy for 45 days that you
won't see [music] in this docu-series.
And that's how fast we had to turn
around this edit. You know, most
documentaries have over a year to edit
all their footage, but we only had a few
months. So, I knew I had to speed things
up when it came to finding [music] the
right music to use, which is why I want
to thank today's sponsor, Epidemic
Sound, and specifically their new
Epidemic Sound Studio, which is
currently in beta. Basically, you can
create a fully synced [music] soundtrack
So, you can just upload your video, get
a soundtrack draft. Like I'm talking
about music and [music] sound effects
from Epidemic's catalog of 55,000
premium tracks and 250,000 sound effects
synced right to your video. And it'll
give you several options for each music
track. Epidemic Sound is the best
soundtracking [music] platform for
creators because it's made with tracks
by real artists, which are all
restriction-free, so you don't have to
worry about copyright claims. So, go to
the link below and you'll get a special
deal because for the first 100 people
who sign up for [music] Epidemic Sound
using my link, I'm going to be throwing
in our new YouTube hack pack pro with
additional templates, graphics, [music]
blood, music, basically everything that
we use to grow on YouTube, which would
otherwise be about $50. So, you get some
of the highest quality music, [music]
sound effects, and tools out there to
help you grow.
We still need to eliminate one more of
you. Brett, when you're ready. What do
most traditional shows do that you would
never consider? Like timers, like the
like give me a list.
>> Like a traditional TV person would take
something like the hearts and move them
a little bit closer or take the balls
and make them bigger or throw the balls
or change the game entirely to the point
where all right, as long as you get
close, we'll we'll move on. Kick for
Hannah. We're all kicking for Hannah.
Traditional shows tend to want to get to
the elimination. [music]
Our shows want to get to the content.
>> a sucky feeling to have the entire cast
ganging up against you.
We don't move them closer. We don't make
the balls bigger. They, in theory, could
just kick for 10 hours straight.
>> This could be it. This could [music] be
the kill shot. Come on.
That could be have the greatest episode
of all time. What are you out of your
What just That was incredible. The first
time he targets August. August is out.
>> [sighs]
>> I'm sorry, bro.
To see him go out like this by one of
his friends like seeing alliances like
break at last second like that is just
devastating. I mean we went through the
whole game together. That was the last
thing I was expecting. I'm sorry.
I don't know why you did that.
Sh- In shock.
I
It's on your queue.
>> [music]
>> Drop him.
Never would have thought that would
happen. That's his alliance member. He
just turned on him and hit him first
try. I can't believe it. I cannot
believe it. I've never seen anything
like that.
Sorry, bro. Appreciate you, bro.
What's going to affect you a lot is the
walking away with [music] nothing, is
the 41 days, the sacrifices, waste of
time, all that. Just know, man, this was
100% worth it.
There.
With Tyler, he's someone who I've been
close with. Pretty much every bus ride
we sat next to each other. He is the
last person I thought would go for me.
And like that when it's like the closest
person to you on stage and so that just
stinks.
For old time's sake. For old time's
sake, we get this, get this right now.
>> [laughter]
>> Wait, I didn't I didn't go with him. I'm
sorry.
You're good.
For old time's sake. All [music] right,
let's do it. We are about to eliminate
one more of you. Welcome to the final
bribe. I worked again even later into
the night, but we finally started our
third game and that's the bribe. One of
them could walk away with $1 [music] if
they self-eliminate. The final bribe,
the big deal on that one, is second
place goes home with pretty much
nothing. Cuz the person that's not
willing to take all the risk shouldn't
win the $5 million. So, do you take
third place to guarantee yourself cash?
The person that wins Beast Games should
take the ultimate risk. That's the
strategy. Cuff them.
I just handcuffed you. React to that.
I feel trapped right now.
Start the money counter.
Let's see what your price is. I know
Brett's going to do it, too. We're at
$40,000. How do I know that? That's a
really nice city. We're at $100,000
already. Jimmy is so good at making a
bribe feel as visual [music] as
possible. Like, it's not just the
counter going up, it's also the cash
piling up every second. If you press the
button right now, you would get that
pile of money.
600 grand. How do you feel, Corey?
You're the one that has the least amount
of money out of us, so this is 720
grand.
It's a lot of money.
>> think it's going to stop at a million?
970. It could stop at A MILLION. 990.
NOBODY'S TAKING IT. $1 MILLION.
Somebody pressed
>> [music]
>> Yeah, Brett pressed it. Congratulations,
you're now a millionaire. Brett, go to
your money right now. Go to your million
dollars.
Brett played a good game. Brett, let's
go smash your heart. Okay. You want him
dropping with the bag? Yeah, that, and
then the guards just start throwing it
on. I mean, we're packing it as quickly
as possible.
Seeing you jump in the money, that must
have been [music] a surreal moment.
>> It was really cool, you know, like I was
I was really nervous about being here. I
don't want to be on TV, [music] and all
these doubts. And then, you know, I
talked to my fiance and said, "Hey, you
know, be gone as long as you need to be,
just make it worth it." And she
supported me 100%, so I got on the
plane. Wow. And then, here [music] we
are, 6 weeks later, and $1.2 million
later. So freaking cool.
Wow.
How how do you feel? Final game, final
episode.
>> We got two really good finalists, I
think. We got a great story, two family
men. Man, it's been a wild ride.
>> Yeah, see, from the storm in Las Vegas
to the city to the white room with the
four games and the guy who tried to grab
it and missed it by just inches to the
thunderstorm where we had to push a day
>> [music]
>> and then we finally got our day in the
obstacle course to going out to Fiji
with [music] Jeff Probst, coming back
and reintroducing the cubes, to then
doing the strong game 100 ft in the air,
something we wanted to do forever. Then
we have this massive smart game to
burying 10 people at once and doing a
million-dollar bribe with them down to
right here.
It's been crazy 40-plus days. Yeah.
>> And John literally questioning
everybody.
It's 4:00 a.m. I really appreciate
everyone continually showing up with a
smile on your face. This is the schedule
from tonight. We're an hour behind when
the show was supposed to wrap. I showed
this to Jimmy and you know what he did
to this piece of paper? Well, [music]
something like this?
Yeah. Yeah, that's pretty much what it
is. Look, our finales are always going
to be huge, right? They're always going
to be a very long day [music] with it
because that's our one shot to get
everything in that we need to get in.
When we play the final game, everyone
will be gone? Yeah.
We're clearing everybody. They got
blindfolds. And [music] there's no one
watching the control room or anything
that doesn't
>> them shut everything off. All right, so
we're right outside the control center
and Jimmy was adamant about cutting
[music] the feed so not even the
extended crew knows who won. All right,
[music] here we go. One of you is not
going to have $5 million.
I promise you the other person
understands. [music]
If you win 5 mil, you go insane.
>> Lose your freaking mind. Get them both
to yell right before.
Like right before, yeah. All right, to
get the energy up real quick, I think we
should all just give a loud yell. 3 2 1
>> [screaming]
[cheering]
>> THAT'S GOOD.
THERE WE GO. THAT WAS WHAT WE NEEDED. We
needed that right there. Yeah, that was
great. [music] One of you is going to be
handed this $5 million check. You can
put it in whatever briefcase you want.
If either of you gets it correctly, you
[music] are a multi multi millionaire. I
need all our camera people to turn
around. This is a battle between Corey
and Tyler and no one else on the planet.
And then having that mano e mano 1 v 1,
>> [music]
>> hands are off the wheel, give yourself a
chance to read the other person. You
should have been able to read them.
You've been there for 40 days. All
right, Jimmy. Am I good to turn around?
You are. Okay. Camera crew, you can
point the cameras over here. Corey, turn
around. Take that blindfold off.
What can you tell me [music] about nine?
Is there a check inside here?
Open it and find out.
I'm going to go with nine.
Throw it off the stage.
We will be taking this briefcase out of
play.
And Corey is in possession of the $5
million check. Now, there's one less
case.
Tyler, turn around. Take off your
[music] blindfold.
What about two? Open it and find out.
[music] He's deploying Tyler's strategy
back at him. He's officially chosen
five.
There is no check. [music]
It's so crazy to only see four
briefcases on this table. Is [music]
there $5 million in that briefcase?
It's red.
Have you ever been on a shoot this long
in your life?
Believe it or not,
yes.
I was looking across [music] like all
around like I'm seeing you and Clits on
the edge of your seat watching this
game. What is keeping [music] you going?
It's the moment when
we upload
the show. I watch from the perspective
of what could I have done to make this
better. But I do it cuz I I don't want
to look back and go, "Dang, I didn't
give the full effort." I'd rather pass
out than than do that. You're going with
three Wait, wait, before you open it.
Get ready. Get ready, bud. Did you hit
it? Are you a millionaire?
Your lighting good?
LET'S GO!
>> [screaming]
>> WOW!
LET'S GO!
COME ON!
>> [screaming]
>> HE DID IT! LET'S GO! HE DID IT!
HE DID
HE DID IT! OH MY GOD.
WOAH!
TYLER, who won, took [music] on $5
million. That is a life-changing
>> Life-changing. He'll never forget that
moment.
Bro. All right, don't go.
>> [music]
>> $5 million Tyler just won and Oh, look
at Corey.
Bro. You're literally standing
>> [music]
>> on your mountain of money. Tyler, you
just won season two of Beast Games.
>> Tyler just won season two of Beast Games
and $5 million.
Bro. Oh, I can't wait to see your wife
and kids' [music] reactions.
Man,
I feel bad for Corey, like
>> [snorts]
>> I'm sorry, man.
No.
It still was one of the best experiences
ever, man.
It was awesome watching.
I appreciate that.
Man,
when I met your wife and your boys, come
on, man. That was awesome.
No.
No, not at all.
You're going to make us all proud.
I love you guys so much. Love you,
Tyler.
>> [music]
>> I'm really happy for Tyler. If somebody
could have won it other than me, uh I'm
happy [music] that it was him. Uh and
I'm going to love the Lord in the good
times and the bad times.
Corey
has officially been eliminated.
And this hurts.
All right, Rusco, four. Three. Two. One.
Go.
We officially have our winner OF SEASON
TWO OF BEAST GAMES.
CONGRATULATIONS.
CONGRATS ON WINNING SEASON TWO.
YOU KNOW, throughout the show, Tyler was
a pretty quiet guy. Yeah. Was any part
of you [music] as a creative
a little bit bummed that you didn't get
a louder character like a Jim? Um no.
No, definitely not. I mean, if I wanted
a specific person to win, I would be in
the business [music] of scripted. When
Jeff won, [snorts]
there were a lot of people that said
something very similar.
He became a very likable person because
Jeff's authentic. He is.
And Tyler's authentic. At the end of the
day, authenticity [music] is what we're
looking for. And if I wanted him to be
loud, don't you think over those 40 days
we would have trained these people to be
loud? There's [music] a reason. We don't
want that. We want you to be yourself.
These contestants, they would ask us
questions, "What do you look for?"
I want you to say whatever you're
thinking. That's what I want. And the
winner of Beast Games season two was an
authentic person. Um when I was serving
a year in Korea by myself, you know,
I've missed out on half of my kids'
lives. [music] When I'm an S man, it
just
gives me a chance to just be dad, and
they don't have to worry about when
dad's coming back [music] cuz my oldest
is four, and he has a hard time when I
leave.
And uh when my wife came to visit us in
the city, she was telling me that he was
having a hard time struggling without me
there, so
And I don't want him to have to
experience that, you know, so if I think
I'll get out of the military, we'll be
able to retire and just spend time with
our kids and do what we want, so it's a
dream come true.
I miss you guys so much.
Jimmy, how are you going to top this for
season 3? Oh, don't you worry. I mean,
you saw
Ow.
How do I have that much hair on my neck?
Um I mean, we went through
Congratulations!
Uh they're all celebrating that we just
wrapped filming.
>> Do you take a moment to like enjoy these
like milestones and like
>> No, I'm about to fly to Africa tomorrow
to film a main channel video. I don't
even get a day I don't even get like
half a day off to [music] celebrate.
Finished. Tyler, we survived. Me, Tyler,
or the You, Tyler. I need no more
casting other Tylers. It's so [laughter]
confusing. Can you take a moment and
enjoy [music] this, Tyler, or you're
already on to
>> No, no, no, I will enjoy this. This is
too big of a project not to enjoy. He's
going to enjoy it by sleeping for 4 days
straight.
>> I'm going to sleep for 4 days straight.
Yeah, I'm very excited. He's going to
sleep for 4 days,
>> [music]
>> enjoy it for a day, and then start
writing season 3. It's going to be
interesting to see how it turns out.
Also, subscribe to him. He doesn't have
a million subscribers. It's kind of
pissing me off.
He has like 3 million views a video. It
doesn't make sense. This whole series,
you've been asking me questions. Let me
ask you some. Hit [music] me, Jimmy. Do
you think this will perform better or
worse than season 1?
This is the first time anybody in the
public is about to watch this show. Some
of the most influential critics and
press are sitting in a theater right
now, and I don't know if Jimmy's
nervous, but I definitely am cuz I know
that after season 1, the critics had
They said a lot of stuff.
>> The reactions hopefully are good.
Reviews for the first season of Beast
Games were were pretty harsh overall. I
pulled reviews from some of the harshest
critics of season 1.
>> Okay. A demonstration of how money alone
can't buy a truly entertaining
television.
Do a big mess of chaotic shaky camera
angles and awkward interviews with some
CGI sparkles [music] added on top in a
desperate attempt to impress us.
Can you read the Rotten Tomatoes
reviews? [music]
Critics score 20% the audience score is
88%. You guys ready to watch season 2?
>> [music]
>> What we do is exhausting, but I love
being in production of this show. The
bonds that we all have when we're
together,
when we all like separate and go [music]
home for a couple of weeks, I'm like,
"Yes, I love being home, but it's so
weird not to be with the second family."
I try to celebrate wins. I'm not really
good at it. I just want to keep going
and do more and film more. I have ideas.
I mean, I have so many ideas that I've
been
I've been laughed out of rooms going to
stop possible that I still think is
possible. So, for me, this just okay,
what's the next thing we can do to keep
improving.